mention exceptions in the execution order section (#636)
honojs/website: docs/guides/middleware.md

middleware 1 end
```

> Note that if the handler or any middleware throws, hono will catch it and either pass it to [your app.onError() callback](/docs/api/exception#handling-httpexception) or automatically convert it to a 500 response before returning it up the chain of middlewares. This means that next() will never throw, so there is no need to wrap it in a try/catch/finally.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that if the handler or any middleware throws, hono will catch it and either pass it to [your app.onError() callback](/docs/api/hono#error-handling) or automatically convert it to a 500 response before returning it up the chain of middleware. This means that next() will never throw, so there is no need to wrap it in a try/catch/finally.
```
